---
title: On turning 30
created: 2019-06-19T01:01:28.459Z
published: 2019-06-19T01:01:28.459Z
---

# On turning 30

Today I'm 30 years old. Thinking about this day in particular made me want to write something.

Today I have no special plans. What should I do for my 30th?

**🛸 Take a vacation?**

This would be quite appealing, but not nearly as much so now that I'm living in Taiwan. I'm essentially where I want to be for now. I'm not on a beach as I write this, so there's still plenty of room for vacationing, but the drive to immediately jump ship for somewhere more tropical or novel is simply not there. I'm happy here.

**🤑 Buy something?**

Also plenty of options here. There are a bunch of material things I'd like to have, but nothing pressing. Nothing I want so bad that I simply need to go out and get it immediately.

The most important bits are all taken care of:

* Comfortable place to live
* Access to delicious food
* Computer + phone + watch (i.e. electronics to meet my needs)
* Gym membership
* Access to a social circle, events

All my basic needs are met so all the various things I might buy just don't feel pressing enough.

**🥂 Go out and party?**

The classic! I have certainly done this one on many past birthdays and I'm sure there will be many more nights of revelry in the future. There's just no need for a reason to revel—if I want to go out I will and tonight I don't feel the desire.

**🧘‍♂️ In closing**

To be clear, I haven't decided that I'm now too _old_, too _mature_, too _whatever_ for any of the above, I just don't feel the need to do something special as I once did.

In a sense, everything feels to be on track, and that's the best birthday gift I could wish for.
